Add environment variable caveat (#2617)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/platform/environment-variables.md

In the Workers platform, environment variables, secrets, and KV namespaces are known as bindings. Regardless of type, bindings are always available as global variables within your Worker script.

> ## Note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Environmental variables with module workers
```

> When deploying a Module Worker, any [bindings](/platform/environment-variables) will not be available as global runtime variables. Instead, they are passed to the handler as a [parameter](#parameters) – refer to `env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying a Module Worker, any [bindings](/platform/environment-variables) will not be available as global runtime variables. Instead, they are passed to the handler as a [parameter](#parameters) – refer to the `FetchEvent` [documentation for further comparisons and examples](/runtime-apis/fetch-event#bindings-1).
```
